# this is the 1st version
This project is to turn Rapberry PI as an audio device. 
The device operate in two modes: sound collector; test-tone generator.

Table of content
	1. Configuration instruction
	2. Installetion instruction
	3. Operating instruction
	4. File list (Manifest)
	5. Copyrignt
	6. Contact information
	7. Credits & Acknowledgents


1. Configuration instruction

This application is using version 3 model B of Raspberry PI, Linux version:4.14.79-v7+
"Raspberry PI" should be equipped with a USB sound card, network connection and microphone.

1.1 Configuration USB sound card as dafault device

1.2 Install extra libriries: libcurl 


2. Installetion instruction

This software product using C environment and Linux operating system. 
In order to use our product you should use Linux system and install C compilier.
Also we use additional libriries not included by default.

2.0.1 Installetion libcurl package

Run .sudo apt-get install libcurl3. to install the libcurl3
Run .sudo apt-get install libcurl4-openssl-dev. to install the development API of libcurl4
use command "ls /usr/include/curl" to identify that libcurl library is installed  

2.1 Installetion of product

Download packages from our site(https://github.com/VladimirSharov/appdev)
click clone or download,use command git clone COPIEDINFO
Use command make to generate extra packages needed for operating
If during process packages is corrupted use: make purge


3.Operating instruction

3.0 Activation of debug mode
Edit sound.h file, add line #define DEBUG

3.1 Runnig in environment analyzing mode
Run command ./sound.out

3.2 Generating sound signal with defined frequency(30-16000 Hz)
Run command ./sound.out NUMBER


4. File list

comm.c -send data to php program ,use ISO standart
sound.c -analyze data recieved from microphone
screen.c -displays data on a screen
main.c -main program using for operating of product
curltest.c -file to setup and check communication with server
comm.h -header file for comm.c
sound.h -header file for sound.c
screen.h -header file for screen.c
sound.php -file which recieve and show information in it
makefile -file helps to optimize proccess of generating extra files

5. Copyright

This product has open source licence. 
You can transfer, share, modify and etc. our product in non-commercial,
with reference to the source.
ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY 
Our company do NOT cover costs, damages and etc. occured due to using
our product.


6. Contact information

You can contact with us on the page where your download our product


7. Credits & Acknowledgents

Our product was created as course project during 
education program at VAMK, Finland 2019
The target of course to learn operating of "Raspberry PI"
Course was leaded by: Gao Chao
